BP-2735: Release notes (2026-07-07) (#333)
SpecterOps/bloodhound-docs: docs/resources/release-notes/summary.mdx

We're excited to share that SO-CON talks are now available [online](https://ghst.ly/SOCON26YT). We've also published the presentation slide decks in a public [GitHub repository](https://github.com/SpecterOps/presentations/tree/main/SO-CON%202026).

## 2026-07-07

|     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Release** | **BloodHound** | **OpenHound** | **SharpHound** | **AzureHound** |
| 2026-07-07 | v9.4.0 | v0.2.11 | No release | No release |

This release expands ADCS attack path coverage, opens more administration workflows to auditors in read-only mode, and improves OpenHound collection resilience. Key highlights include:

> - **New edges**: Model ADCS ESC14 Scenario A attack paths with new certificate-mapping edge coverage.

Reviewer: @JonasBK does ESC14 require a SharpHound upgrade to collect? I believe it does and we should make sure to notate as such.

Author: Confirmed with @JonasBK in Slack that these edges _do_ require a SharpHound upgrade. If we're not doing a SharpHound release this cycle, I'll need to hide the docs.

Author: See #340 for details on hiding the docs.

> - **Cypher**: Run more complex Cypher queries in BloodHound Enterprise and return larger **Entity Panel** sections than the previous default allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cypher**: Run more complex Cypher queries in BloodHound Enterprise and return larger **Entity Panel** sections than the previously supported.
```

### <Icon icon="sparkles" /> New Features

| Component | Update | Summary |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Data Collection | [ADCS ESC14 Scenario A Attack Paths](/resources/release-notes/2026-07-07#adcs-esc14-scenario-a-attack-paths) | Analyze certificate-mapping attack paths that rely on a principal's `altSecurityIdentities` attribute. |
| API | [Graph ID Lookup APIs](/resources/release-notes/2026-07-07#graph-id-lookup-apis) | Retrieve nodes and relationships by graph-assigned integer IDs for targeted automation and investigation. |

### <Icon icon="check-circle" /> Enhancements

| Component | Update | Summary |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | Administration | [Auditor Role Access Improvements](/resources/release-notes/2026-07-07#auditor-role-access-improvements) | Let auditors review **File Ingest** activity and **SSO Configuration** details without edit permissions. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Administration | [Auditor Role Access Improvements](/resources/release-notes/2026-07-07#auditor-role-access-improvements) | Auditors may now review **File Ingest** activity and **SSO Configuration** details. |
```
